[whooshing]
[chains clinking]
‐ Oh, a target with six rings.
You’re all mine.
She’s fast.
I’d better hold off
until she lands.
Come on. Stop somewhere.
Damn it. [groans]
[gags]
‐ Everywhere I look,
there’s another sniper
camping out.
And most of them don’t have
a single ring on them.
An underground mall.
I might run into trouble
down here,
but no snipers, at least.
[girl gasps]
[Japanese music playing]
‐ [sighs]
My whole body
feels super heavy.
I don’t know why I’m
so exhausted all the time.
‐ Well, it’s obvious.
You’re not getting
a lot of sleep lately.
‐ You think that’s it?
‐ Mm‐hmm, but at least
summer break’s coming up soon.
‐ We’ve got our finals
before that, though.
‐ [chuckles]
Yeah, I guess you’re right.
By the way, there’s something
I wanted to ask you.
‐ Shoot.
What possessed you
to start playing Darwin’s Game?
‐ I don’t know.
I wanted all kinds of stuff,
and if you found out
about a game
that could earn you a ton
of money, you’d play it, right?
My family’s poor.
Plus, the three of us
made that promise.
‐ What promise?
‐ Remember when you,
me, and Hamada
first got our driver’s licenses?
We said that we were
gonna go on a trip together
during the summer.
‐ Dumb‐ass.
Why’d you take that
so seriously?
You shouldn’t’ve bought
that fancy bike.
We could have
just gotten part‐time jobs.
‐ [sighs]
I don’t know, man.
It seemed like a good idea
at the time, I guess.
‐ You’re so stupid.
‐ Got that right.
I’m such an idiot, I got you
and Hamada involved in this.
‐ What’s the holdup, Kyoda?
We gotta get moving!
‐ All right, I’m coming.
‐ Hey, wait up, guys.
I’ll go with you!
‐ Nah, stay here, Kaname.
You’ve still got something
you need to do, right?
‐ Yep, something
we both failed to do.
Maybe you can survive this game.
‐ [gasps]
[sighs]
A new message?
‐ I should arrive
at the hotel soon,
so get ready.
Whichever one of us
has fewer rings
is gonna be punished.
‐ She sounds kinda playful.
I get the feeling
she’s not the least
bit nervous about this.
Then again, I can’t picture
Shuka getting picked off.
I’m just happy she’s okay.
‐ You’re already finished?
I think that was only
about three hours of sleep.
‐ Yeah, it was enough.
By the way, I heard from Shuka,
and she’s almost ready
for the rendezvous.
‐ Oh, good.
She’ll be a big help.
‐ What about the Florist?
Hiiragi, was it?
I believe he’s downstairs
creating
some new plant barricades.
Fortunately, Eighth Clan
hasn’t made a move yet.
‐ Let’s call the old man
back up here.
We still have something
we need to work out.
‐ [chuckles]
Well, well, look who it is.
I get it.
The three of you have teamed up.
That’s real freakin’ cute.
So where does that
leave me, then?
Dead, right?
Guess there’s no need
to get your hands dirty, though.
Just leave me here
with no rings,
and the game’ll
take care of me.
Huh?
‐ Here. Take these.
‐ What, you’re
taking pity on me now?
‐ Not exactly, no.
I just think
I should return the favor.
‐ Favor?
‐ As long as you swear not
to treat us as your enemies,
we’ll uncuff you and
give you back your weapon.
‐ So what’s the catch?
‐ Until this event is over,
you’ll work with us.
You’re a solo player too, right?
‐ I’ll pass.
Maybe I’d say yes
if it were just you and her,
but I want nothing to do
with that scumbag.
He’s the sick bastard
who brainwashed me.
One look, and I knew it was him.
Forget it!
‐ I can see
why he feels that way.
I doubt you’ll win him over
if I’m part of the picture.
‐ Okay.
‐ Weren’t you listening?
I said no!
‐ Yeah, yeah, I heard you,
but I don’t think
you’ll cause us any harm.
‐ Pretty naive, aren’t you?
[groans] Fine by me.
‐ You’ll find your gun and ammo
in the elevator hall.
‐ Thanks for the courtesy.
I promise not to attack you
during the event.
KANAME: That’s all
I’m asking for.
‐ So if he won’t join us,
that means our makeshift clan
is the three of us,
plus Shuka, correct?
Including Wang,
how many Eighth Clan members
are in the area?
‐ Definitely at least five.
Then again, considering
the size of his clan,
there could easily be
double that number.
‐ [growls]
‐ You promised you
wouldn’t attack us, remember?
‐ Never mind that!
You just mentioned
Wang of the Eighth Clan!
Is that bastard in this event?
REIN: I have
a verified sighting, yes.
And he’s not exactly
the type to blend in,
so I believe it’s him.
‐ I’ll be damned.
That son of a bitch
is here, too?
And he’s way too greedy
to pass up
all the rings in this hotel.
I changed my mind.
I’m more than happy
to be part of this
thrown‐together clan of yours.
‐ [sighs]
Thirty‐two rings is worth
just over 500 million, huh?
That’s a pretty decent haul.
‐ Where do you think
we should go next, Wang?
We already got our hands
on all the rings in this area.
‐ I know where we’ll
get our next batch,
and it’s gonna be a big score.
‐ You mean we’re
finally raiding that hotel?
WANG: The situation in there’s
been simmering for a while.
Now’s the perfect time
to strike.
‐ We can easily walk out
of that place with 20 of em!
‐ All right. How much cash
does that net us?
‐ Keep your pants on.
Acting all giddy like that
can get you killed.
We stay calm, cool,
and collected for now.
Then we launch
our attack tonight.
I already put out a call
to some members
who aren’t part of the event.
By nightfall, we’ll have plenty
of our people covering Shibuya.
‐ Oh, I get it.
The general public
was ordered to leave the area,
but players can come in, right?
You’re a genius, Wang!
That’s an airtight plan!
‐ Like I said, Shibuya
is Eighth Clan territory,
and there’s no way I can lose
a fight on my home turf.
After this, I’ll have
snagged over 50 rings.
That’ll put me in first place,
no problem.
Then I’ll finally get a taste
of that
"event champion’s privilege"
I’ve heard so many rumors about.
‐ Something wrong?
‐ Uh, nothing. You just
look like someone I know.
‐ I was expecting your face
to be a little more threatening.
RYUJI: Okay?
KANAME: Anyway, we should
get a plan together, uh...
‐ I’m Ryuji, or that’s my name
in D‐Game, at least.
By the way, whatever happened
to all those other soldiers?
‐ I felt bad for wounding them,
so I gave them each
three rings and let them go,
so there’s no reason
to worry about them anymore.
‐ [laughs] How gracious of you.
All right. What strategy
do you have in mind?
‐ Well, I’m not sure I would
call it a strategy, per se,
but we currently have 15 rings
between us right now.
Hiiragi used his Sigil to seal
this hotel up like a fortress,
so when they get here,
we’ll be ready for them.
RYUJI: I see.
But do you really think
they’d be foolish enough
to walk straight into a trap?
‐ If they don’t come,
then we’ll have enough rings
to be in the clear,
so it won’t matter.
But they probably will come.
In fact,
I’m absolutely certain.
‐ Yeah, of course they will.
That asshole Wang’s
as greedy as he is arrogant.
So how do we split up the loot?
‐ There are 15.
Altogether, their value is
equivalent to 3,800 points.
‐ I think the smartest move
is to give
half the total to Hiiragi,
and the three of us will divide
the other half equally.
‐ I’m not suggesting
I have a problem with that,
but are you sure
that’s all right?
‐ It’s fine. I mean, you did
most of the heavy lifting,
didn’t you, so you
deserve the bigger share.
‐ Yeah, it’s not like I have
any complaints about it.
You did set me free.
Besides, we can split
the rewards evenly
after we beat the Eighth Clan.
KANAME: Hmm? What’s wrong?
‐ Nothing. I just noticed
something surprising
while I was looking over
the rules for the Treasure Hunt.
Doesn’t the point table
strike you as odd?
KANAME: No, not really.
‐ What’s so weird about it?
‐ Maybe this game was
designed by a bunch of men
who couldn’t care less
about gemstones,
but it doesn’t
make sense for topaz
to be worth fewer points
than lapis lazuli.
Lapis lazuli is a semiprecious
stone that’s not very rare.
Topaz is easily
the more valuable of the two.
Another thing,
the four main precious stones
are usually said
to be diamonds, rubies,
sapphires, and emeralds,
in that order.
At first glance, it would
appear that the point values
correlate to the rarity
of the gemstones,
but in actuality,
there’s no relationship at all.
‐ Maybe they just decided on
the point values randomly, then?
Besides, at the end of the day,
they’re just a bunch
of painted metal rings.
‐ The way the rules are worded
is strange, too.
It’s unnatural.
I’m especially confused
by the part that says,
"When the time limit is up,
"if the Treasure Hunt event
is not cleared,
"any participating player
who has fewer than three rings
in their possession will receive
a ’game over’ message."
KANAME AND RYUJI: Okay?
‐ She’s right.
It’s very strange.
We don’t exactly know
what it means
for the Treasure Hunt
event to be cleared.
‐ I thought you just had to
collect three rings to finish.
‐ If that were
the only criteria,
the instructions wouldn’t
have to specify "cleared"
as a separate condition
from having enough rings
in your possession.
‐ Hmm. That’s true.
When you read it carefully.
It never actually states
that the rings
we’re fighting over
and the treasure hidden
in Shibuya are the same thing.
‐ [gasping]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ I don’t know. Maybe we
should table this for later.
We need to prioritize
coming up with a plan
for defeating Wang
and his goon squad.
‐ By the way, you said
you had a friend coming.
Shouldn’t she be
getting here any minute?
The entrances are sealed shut,
and there are traps inside.
It might be prudent
to go downstairs and meet her.
‐ I told her to message me
when she gets here.
[cell phone buzzes]
‐ Oh. Guess that’s her.
Huh?
It says, "Help"?
This has gotta be a joke, right.
‐ Kaname.
Please help me.
‐ No rings here, huh?
But still, I need to be
careful of blind spots.
[water flowing]
[gasps]
Did I imagine that?
No, somebody’s watching me.
Where are they?
[gasps]
What was that? Water?
It definitely
came from a Sigil.
But where’s the person
who’s using it?
Crap, they’re trying
to drown me.
Some sort of telekinetic Sigil
that controls water.
That’s not a good match for me.
Regardless,
I have to get out of here!
Then I’ll find who’s
attacking me and destroy them!
‐ Sorry, lady,
but I’m not letting you escape.
‐ Good. Now I don’t have
to bother looking for you!
That pathetic wall of water
won’t be enough
to deflect my blades!
[gasps]
‐ That was close. Heh.
You could have easily
slashed my throat.
That’s an A‐rank player for you.
You’re so next‐level!
‐ He encased my weapons in ice?
This kid can do a lot more
than play with water!
[yells]
[drill whirring]
‐ Wow, you can drill
with those too?
Scary!
Man, I almost
pissed myself there!
You A‐rankers go all out, huh?
If I don’t finish her off quick,
there’s no telling what this
chick’s gonna do to me next!
‐ Run!
The exit’s
about 100 meters from here!
I can make it!
[gasps]
No, he set me up!
[yelps]
KANAME: I don’t get it.
I can’t tell if Shuka’s
being serious or not.
These coordinates...
is that really where she is?
REIN: Is there
some kind of trouble?
‐ I just got a Help Call
from Shuka.
It’s probably a joke
or something, don’t you think?
‐ I don’t see any reason
she’d send you a Help Call
if she didn’t need you.
‐ Then she’s not joking around?
I’m gonna go pick her up.
I’ll leave my rings here,
so you guys
hold down the fort for a bit.
‐ Roger that.
I’ll let you through
the plant traps and barricades.
‐ You might need some backup.
I’ll go, too.
‐ Sounds good. Thanks.
‐ Wait. You can’t
just rush into this!
It’s not as simple
as you think it is!
Shuka may be in trouble, but
she’s also an A‐ranked player,
meaning whatever
she’s up against
is even more powerful
than she is!
One wrong move,
and you’ll all be dead!
‐ That’s why I want to go.
If we rescue Shuka,
then we’ll have
a really strong ally.
Remember,
Wang is also an A‐ranker.
‐ I’m sorry, Rein.
It’s not that I don’t appreciate
you warning us or anything,
but abandoning
one of our teammates
has never been an option.
‐ [sighs]
All right, if you insist.
I’ll give you as much support
as I can from the roof.
My sniper rifle
should provide cover
for a kilometer from there.
‐ Thanks.
I’ll keep that in mind.
[elevator whirring]
‐ He’s headed
straight for disaster.
I sure hope he comes back alive.
KANAME: The coordinates are
about 400 meters north of here,
and there are six rings in
that spot, so it’s gotta be her.
‐ She’s near the station.
That should be
a five‐minute trip,
but there are 300 enemies.
Oh, wow, make that 168!
By the way, where’s your gun?
You’re not stupid enough
to do this unarmed, right?
‐ No. Apparently, any time
I go to sleep or pass out,
any weapons
I’ve created disappear.
‐ Disappear?
So you can
make copies of things.
Then why don’t you duplicate
the rings for an easy victory?
‐ Sadly, it’s not that easy.
When I touch something, I know
whether I can duplicate it.
Complicated items
like smartphones
or big things like cars
don’t work,
which tells me those rings are
made of more than just metal.
‐ Okay, so what can you make?
If you can whip up
something crazy,
this fight may be in the bag.
‐ I know I can do guns
and hand grenades.
‐ Man, think of all
the money you could make
with a Sigil like that.
If I could
trade mine for yours,
I’d do it in a heartbeat.
‐ Now that you mention it,
what is your Sigil?
I’ve told you mine,
so it’s only fair, right?
‐ Eh, it’s not even
worth talking about.
It’s called Truth or Lie,
a lie detector.
Tells me when
someone’s being dishonest.
It’s a real bummer
of an ability,
especially because
people lie so damn much.
[cloth fluttering]
‐ [sighs]
If it’s near the station,
then I can cover them easily.
This is a better vantage point
than I thought.
The Eighth Clan
still hasn’t moved.
I probably
shouldn’t make assumptions
based on the rings’ movement,
but given the event rules,
I highly doubt many players
would leave them unattended.
Besides, what if the rings
aren’t the hidden treasure
at all, just a smoke screen?
Or maybe they’re a clue
to the real treasure.
[gasps]
That looks like a QR code!
Does that mean...
‐ Hey, I’ve just finished
putting up our defenses.
Did something else happen?
‐ No. But I think
I may have discovered
a clue for clearing this event.
‐ [sighs] What’s that?
‐ I have to assume
it’s some kind of code.
This mark was obviously
put there on purpose,
so I think
the numbers are significant.
It might be helpful to examine
the rest of the rings
we have as well.
‐ I’m seeing
a different sequence.
Oh, wait. This one here
has the exact same number
as yours does.
‐ Really? I don’t suppose
that one is a topaz ring.
‐ Looks like it.
Maybe the numbers indicate
something about each of them?
Hmm. You’re right.
It does remind me of a code.
The more I think about it,
the more I feel like Kaname’s
hypothesis was spot‐on.
‐ It’s a little perplexing
that two of the sequences
start with a decimal point,
and there are two nines.
‐ Yeah, that’s
not much to go on.
And I take it
we haven’t collected
any diamond or
emerald rings, either?
‐ That’s right.
This is just a guess on my part,
but I think we need to get
one ring of each type
before we can
figure anything out.
At the moment, there isn’t
a single diamond ring
visible on the map display,
so at least
we don’t have to worry
about anyone else
beating us to it.
‐ After the start of the game,
there was mention of
a first round of ring placement,
so it’s safe to say
there’ll be a second round.
‐ Before we face off
with the Eighth Clan,
we should revise
our defense system.
KANAME: It’s Shibuya
in the middle of the day.
Nuts that the place
is totally empty.
‐ Apparently, they forced all
the normal people to clear out.
I have no idea how they do it.
All I know is that it’s
already down to 168 players.
‐ This game really goes all out,
taking over a whole area.
‐ Well, it’d better.
We’re betting our lives
like poker chips.
‐ So do you play this game
for money or what?
‐ Yeah, of course I do.
Anybody who says that they’re
not in this thing for the money
is either a liar
or a millionaire.
‐ But I’m not either of those.
‐ Then you’re a sicko.
‐ Hey, I got sucked
into this by accident.
How does that make me a sicko?
An unlucky loser, maybe,
but not a sicko!
‐ [laughs] At least you get rich
while you fight
for your life, right, loser?
‐ [grunts]
Who’s there?
‐ I’m not sure, but it
has to be another player.
Whoever’s hiding
behind that pillar,
drop your weapon
and come out!
Otherwise, my crazy friend
is gonna lob a grenade
right onto your head!
‐ Oh, great.
Now I’m a loser and crazy?
Look, if you don’t attack us,
we won’t attack you!
Just come out, okay?
GIRL: Um, I’m sorry!
Please don’t throw a grenade!
I’m not armed,
so I can’t hurt you!
‐ Huh?
A girl?
She’s even younger than Rein.
‐ Don’t drop your guard
’cause she’s a kid.
She’s telling the truth
about being unarmed,
but her Sigil
might be dangerous.
‐ Please! Just leave me alone!
I’m not looking for a fight!
I beg you!
‐ Okay, that wasn’t a lie.
What do we do?
‐ All right, we’ll be nice.
Sorry to scare you.
Come on, Ryuji.
Clock’s ticking.
‐ I know.
‐ Just another hundred meters.
And judging
by where the rings are...
Wait. The subway?
Is she underground?
‐ Excuse me.
‐ Sorry.
We’re kind of in a hurry here.
‐ It’s just it isn’t safe
to go near the subway.
‐ Really? Do you know something?
‐ Um, I can’t say for sure,
but maybe?
‐ Look, we gotta get moving.
This is an emergency.
‐ Wait. Don’t go!
[whimpers]
[water flowing]
‐ Looks like Shuka might be in
more trouble than we expected.
‐ No.
[Japanese music playing]
The subway’s
completely flooded!
‐ Hey! You can’t go down there!
‐ Maybe there’s still time.
‐ This is a lot more serious
than a flood, you idiot!
Someone’s Sigil did that!
We can’t see them,
but they’re close by.
Your friend’s
probably already dead!
‐ I understand that.
If I don’t come out
in five minutes,
then go back to the hotel.
Forget about me.
Go ahead and give my rings
to that girl.
‐ Wait! [groans]
‐ [splash]
Whatever happens,
it’s on you, dumb‐ass!
‐ Uh, mister...
Listen here, brat.
You lied to me once.
You better not do it again.
‐ [gasps]
‐ You do know something about
what’s going on down there.
Turns out my partner’s a moron,
so things aren’t
looking too good for me.
If you want to live, you’ll
tell me everything right now.
‐ [whimpering]
[energy surges]
‐ [gasps] What the hell?
Hey, get back here!
Little shit!
[groans] That girl’s
got valuable information,
and I won’t be able to live
with myself if I kill a kid.
I’ll just give her a scare.
‐ [ice crackles]
‐ [gasps]
Where’d this ice come from?
Damn it!
You’re not getting away!
‐ [music ends]
‐ [water flowing]
‐ [shivering]
This water is unbearably cold.
It’s hard to stay conscious.
This is terrible.
I got a partner,
and I still failed!
I guess that means all that’s
left for me now is "game over."
If I die in here,
will Kaname be sad?
But I wanted
to get to know him better.
That’s right.
If I die, maybe I’ll
get to see Mama and Papa.
KANAME: Next time: "Hardness."